Getting out of bed:

1.  remove blanket and put it next to you with one hand
2.  roll or slide to the edge of the side edge of the bed
3.  turn on your side, facing away from bed
4.  use either hand to leverage against the bed to get up side way
5.  while getting up, move both your legs forward and drop the legs as you continue to push up against the bed to a sitting position with your feet down on the floor.
6.  from sitting positin, stand up on both of your feet.


To start coding:

1. open up macbook air and press space if it's already open, if not press the power button.
2. type in password when the login screen pop up, asking for password.
3. open google chrome
4. locate the chrome's address bar and type in bloc.io
5. locate RoadMap and move the pointer to RoadMap
6. locate Software Engineering Principles and move the pointer to Software Engineering Principles and click on it.
7. find Sublime on the dock
8. click on Sublime to open and start coding in Sublime!


Making an Egg:

1. find a cooking pan or a medium size skillet.
2. turn on the stove to medium heat.
3. wait 2-3 minutes then put 1-2 table spoon of olive oil or any cooking oil.
4. wait until the oil make popping noise.
5. grab an egg gently with one hand.
6. Tap the side of the egg on a flat surface gently until small crack appears.
7. grab half of egg with left and the other half with right hand.
8. while the crack side is facing the pan and not too high, use both thumbs to push a little bit into the crack.
9. then open the egg, letting it drop into the pan.
10. put a pinch of salt and pepper on top the egg.
11. use the lid of the pan and put it on top of the pan to close it.
12. wait a few minutes then open the pan to check if the egg white is still in clear form 
13. Also check to see if there is a thin layer of egg white forming on top of the yolk.
14. If step 12 and step 13 are not complete, repeat step 12 and 13.
15. If step 12 and step 13 are complete, turn the stove off and use spatula to gently schoop up the egg then put it on a plate.
16. Enjoy!